Docs: resource contribution Fix #101 (#151)
childmindresearch/neuromaps-prime: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Neuromaps-PRIME contributing guidelines
```

   It is also OK to submit work in progress if you're unsure of what this exactly means, in which case you'll likely be asked to make some further changes.

2. The contributed code will be **licensed under the same [license](LICENSE) as the rest of the repository**, If you did not write the code yourself, you must ensure the existing license is compatible and include the license information in the contributed files, or obtain permission from the original author to relicense the contributed code.

## Contributing resources

We welcome contributions of new resources (annotations, atlases, transforms, etc.). There are two ways to contribute:

1. **Resource already has a public URI**

   If your resource is already hosted publicly, you can contribute it directly:
   - Update the relevant YAML file(s) under the appropriate resource category

>    - Follow the structure specified in the corresponding schema files under `/schemas` for that resource type

Reviewer: Given that there are multiple schemas corresponding to specific sections, do you think it makes sense to ask contributors to look at an existing YAML and note that any changes are validated prior to merging or do you think they'd be able to figure it out from the schema?

Author: I think they could figure it out from the schema.. it was pretty clear to me when I first looked at it. But yes, would it be helpful to also note down a path to an example yaml?

Reviewer: I think so. I think the schema might have changed when you first looked at it? It's now multiple small schemas for each section now.

>    - Ensure all required fields are included (e.g. URI, references, version, and notes where applicable)

Reviewer: I think URI is the only "required" field here in the example. Also can't remember at the moment, but I don't think "version" is a field?

>    - Open a PR following the guidelines above

Reviewer: Would be good to provide a clickable link that takes users directly to the PR contribution

2. **Resource needs to be uploaded**

   If your resource is not yet hosted anywhere:

>    - Open a resource request issue using the provided template

Reviewer: Similar to comment above, good to add link once merged in

   - Include any relevant details, including:
      - Resource description
      - Type (annotation, atlas, transform, or other)
      - Source link or reference (if available)
      - Publications or DOIs
      - Access restrictions or licensing information
      - Any additional notes/caveats

>    - Maintainers will review the request and reach out to coordinate uploading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Maintainers will review the request and reach out with any questions or next steps
```

>    - After upload, open a PR to add the resource to the appropriate YAML file(s)

Reviewer: Similar to previous note, link to the PR contribution
